My name is Shi Lili. I graduated from Jiangnan University with a master's degree in 2014. My undergraduate major is Electronic Information Science and Technology, and my graduate major is Signal and Information Processing. After graduation, my first job was mostly robotics, as an embedded software engineer. Later, because the company was disbanded, I left. Later, I entered the second company, Jiangsu Runhe Software Co., Ltd., the position is a software engineer, and there is no fixed direction for what I do. I do different things according to the needs, and I have been doing it for more than two years. Later, I considered changing direction and entered Shanghai Yinze Information Technology Co., Ltd., and at the same time, I came to Shanghai to start the front-end and back-end development work in this company. There are relatively few people in the company, and the project team is about four people. In the past three years, I have been exposed to a series of front-end、back-end and devops related things such as Vue, React, React-native, Redux, Koa, redis, postgreq, SocketIo, docker, k8s, Kafka, kafka-stream. Because of the small number of people, all the processes of the project are basically involved, so the improvement is relatively fast. But after the stabilization in the later period, I felt that the room for improvement was limited, and I left in August last year. Entered the current company, worked as a front-end engineer, was responsible for an online cloud editing project. during the period, completed the requirements within the specified time with colleagues, and received a certain project bonus. But at present, I feel that the things I do are relatively simple, and they are basically front-end tasks. I feel that the previous back-end knowledge has to be pulled down, so I want to consider new opportunities, and I prefer full-stack engineers or Nodejs-related work.